Apron - Aircraft movement or a parking area.
Bag - A parachute or anti exposure suit.
Bang On - A direct hit or to be correct.
Bar Codes - A braided rank slide worn by RAF officers.
Bean Stealers - Married personnel who live in singles accommodation during the working week and eats the free food available for living in soldiers. More relevant for pre Pay As You Dine sites.
Beer Lever -The joystick of an aircraft.
Beer Tokens - Money or pay.
Bimble - A walk or a stroll.
Box Clever - To use ones brains to get the best out of a situation or to wangle yourself out of having to do something.
Brown Jobs - The Army, also known as Pongos and Squaddies.
Brolly - An opened parachute.
Bull Night - Cleaning night ahead of a block inspection.
Cab - Helicopter.
Canteen Cowboy - Ladies man.
Chip Bag - A field service cap.
Civvies - Civilian clothes eg the dress code tonight is civvies.
Chuff Chart - Countdown calendar to when someone is returning home from a det.
Colonel (Gadafi) - The NAAFI.
Daisy Cutter - A faultless landing.
Det - An operational tour.
Diggers - Cutlery.
Dhobi - Laundry.
Dhobi Dust - Washing powder.
Dhobi Wallah - Person employed to wash laundry.
Drink - A body of water, ocean, sea, river or water.
Duff Gen - Wrong or inaccurate information.
Pukka Gen - Authentic information.
Five Finger Spread - Using an opened hand to stop vomit.
Fizzer -To be charged with a misdemeanour or be detained is to be put in the Fizzer.
Fish Heads - The Royal Navy.
Flap - Chaos or panic. Eg He is in a right flap.
Trolley Dolly - Someone carrying out cabin crew duties.
FOD - Foreign Object Damage/Debris.
Full Bore - Flat out or at full speed.
FUNG - F**king Useless New Guy.
Gonk - Sleep.
Goolies - Testicles.
Gopping - Awful, horrible.
Grounded - Refers to a recently married man who can no longer continue his bachelor ways or an aircraft that is not allowed to fly.
Hand to Gland Combat - A bit of personal time for a man and his hand.
Hangar Bash - A party held in an aircraft hangar.
Hip Flask - A revolver or pistol.
Jelly Tots - Junior technicians.
Jolly - A free trip at public expense with limited or no work required, usually to somewhere hot.
Long Haired General - A wife.
Lumpy Jumpers - Airwoman.
Maggot - Issued sleeping bag.
Minesweeping - Clearing up or drinking other people’s leftover drinks.
Muppets - RAF Movements Trade.
Noddy Suit - Personal Protective Suit.
Pear Shaped - Derives from the shape an aircraft makes when it crashes eg Its gone pear shaped.
Pebble Monkey - RAF Regiment Officer.
Peeping Tortoise - To be desperate for a poo.
Play The Piano - Release bombs one at a time.
Prang - To crash into something, originally derives from bombing a target.
Rat Trap - Submarine.
Rock Ape - RAF Regiment Gunner.
Scrub - To get rid of or cancel something.
Second Dickey - Co-pilot in training.
Shed - An aircraft hangar.
Shineys - Clerk or admin staff.
Shreddies - Underwear. The term is thought to have been originally coined for long issued undergarments that had a Shreddies cereal pattern.
Shuftie - To have a look.
Slop Jockey - RAF Chef.
Scuffers - RAF police who have white trim on issued head-dress.
Spawny - Lucky.
Sprog - A new green Army recruit.
Spout - Rifle or gun barrel. Up the spout is a round in the breech.
Squipper - A Survival Equipment Fitter.
Swamp - To wet yourself or your bedding.
Target - A love interest for the evening.
Tear A Strip Off - A severe reprimand.
Throw One Up or Chuck One Up - To salute or pay respects to an Officer.
Tits Up - Its all gone horribly wrong. Can refer to an aircraft undergoing maintenance or in trouble. The term is understood to have come from the range of control switches in an aircraft's cockpit being known in the RAF as taps and tits.
